 CropEditor

Privacy policy

 
 Our values and what this policy is for: We value your privacy and want to be accountable and fair to you as well as transparent with you in the way that we collect and use your personal information. We also want you to know your rights in relation to your information which you can find here.

In line with these values, this privacy policy tells you what to expect when we collect and use personal information about you. We have tried to make it easy for you to navigate so you can find the information that is most relevant to you and our relationship with you.

We are always looking to improve the information we provide to our customers and contacts, so if you have any feedback on this privacy policy, please let us know using our contact details in section 10.

(C) Who this policy applies to: This policy applies to users of our apps and people who contact our customer support function.

(D) What this policy contains: This privacy policy describes the following important topics relating to your information (you can click on the links to find out more):
1. Collection of your personal information and how we use it:
2. Our legal basis for using your personal information;
3. How and why we share your personal information with others;
4. How long we store your personal information;
5. Your rights;
6. Children;
7. Where we may transfer your personal information;
8. Risks and how we keep your personal information secure;
9. Changes to this privacy policy; and
10.Further questions and how to make a complaint.

(E) Your rights to object: You have various rights in respect of our use of your personal information, as set out in section 5. Two of the fundamental rights to be aware of are that:
1. you may ask us to stop using your personal information for direct marketing purposes. If you exercise this right, we will stop using your personal information for this purpose.
2. you may ask us to consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal information where we process your personal information on the basis of our, or another person's, legitimate interest.
You can find out more information in section 5.

(F) What you need to do and your confirmation to us: Please read this privacy policy carefully to understand how we handle your personal information. By engaging with us in the ways set out in this privacy policy, including downloading and using any of our apps, you confirm that you have read and understood the entirety of this privacy policy, as it applies to you.

The detail – the key information you should be aware of

1. Collection of your personal information and how we use it

1.1 What personal information we collect about you
(a) Our apps collect the following information about you (and we use the information in the ways explained below):
(i) if you agree to receive personalized ads, data about your general location and the Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) of the device;
(ii) if you participate in any chat activity on our apps, we will collect your handle and any data that you share within your messages posted to that chat;

(b) If you contact our customer support function, we will collect your e-mail address (as well as any other information you include in your correspondence with us), including any updates to any of that information.

1.2 How we use your personal information
We will collect, use and store the personal information listed above for the following reasons:
(a) to help us manage advertising and provide you with advertising and marketing via our apps that is relevant to you, both from us and from our third party partners, as further described in the 'Third party advertising' section below;
(b) to record your preferences in relation to advertising and marketing communications; and
(c) to receive and respond to customer support enquiries we receive from you.
1.3 Other uses of your personal information
(a) We also collect, use and store your personal information for the following additional reasons:
(i) to deal with any enquiries or issues you have about how we collect, store and use your personal information, or any requests made by you for a copy of the information we hold about you. Even if we do not have a contract with you, we may process your personal information for these purposes where it is in our legitimate interests for custome
